Loderunner Cycle 2 report and Cycle 3 plans:

Team 3	       Members:Joseph Militello
					   Jacob Kinispel 
					   Peter Larson


CYCLE 2 REPORT:

Which user stories did your team successfully implement and test?
User can save and load player files or profiles
Mobs are created and interact with the character correctly (but do not chase the user)
User can pause the game and interact with a main menu
Music plays at *appropriate times* while the game is running and some actions might make sound effects


Which stories were in your plans, but did not get done?  Describe the state of each.
User can see their score and lives - We have not touched on this. The player can die, but it he cannot see his lives or his score.



What research experiments did your team do as you learn about technologies?
We researched better ways to get better graphics



Briefly describe the main contributions of each team member during Cycle 2.
Joseph Militello - Loading and saving player profiles/interact with main menu
Peter Larson - Fixed repeated image resizing. Added more accurate display. images. 
Jacob Kinispel - User can pause game/music plays at *appropriate times* and sound effects/mobs are created and interact...


CYCLE 3 PLANS:


USER STORIES:

List the user stories that you plan to implement in Cycle 3:
We plan to add burgers to the game.
The user can walk on burgers and burger move down.
The user can win levels and move to next level.
The user can lose levels and revert to the main menu.
User may be able to choose new options from the main menu for music/sound



RESEARCH:   
What information/techniques does your team need to research, and who is assigned to investigate what?

Will will be trying to add the burgers. 
We may look into how interact with other sprites, but for the most part, we know how to do this.
We will also look at different methods of doing an ai for the mobs. We may implement more than one.





MISC:
Describe any other aspects of your plans for cycle 3.
N/A