Loderunner Cycle 3 report and Cycle 4 plans:

Team 3          Members: Jacob Knispel
						 Joseph Militello
						 Peter Larson


CYCLE 3 REPORT:

Which user stories did your team successfully implement and test?
------
-The user can use pepper on the mobs and stun them with Space (still mildly buggy)
-The user can walk on burgers and the burgers move down as expected
-Upon completing all burgers, the user advances to the next level
-Upon losing three lives, the user is taken back to the main menu
-The user may mute the arguably obnoxious sounds from the main menu
-The user experiences much smoother gameplay -- entities move smoothly between
								   tiles rather than teleporting amongst them
-Mobs now move slightly slower than the user as specified
-User can pause the game more reliably (with Escape)

Which stories were in your plans, but did not get done?  Describe the state of each.
------
Nothing really!



What research experiments did your team do as you learn about technologies?
------
We talked a lot about different ways to make mobs move slower than the player,
and finally settled on splitting each coordinate tile into essentially subtiles
in which the player/mob can move. The mob and player have a different number of
subtiles per tile, simulating different movement speeds but maintaining the
simplicity and efficiency of tile collision and loading.



Briefly describe the main contributions of each team member during Cycle 3.
Joseph Militello: Menu buttons, effects of winning & losing, level design
Peter Larson: All graphics & revamped tile/movement system
Jacob Knispel: Sound, all burger stuff






CYCLE 4 PLANS:


USER STORIES:

List the user stories that you plan to implement in Cycle 4:
User should have more reliable controls
Pepper should have limited uses and should have better mechanics (it's a little wonky at the moment)
Burgers have visually appealing graphics
User has a score
User's lives and score are displayed onscreen
User's lives and score should carry over between levels
User sees text like "GAME OVER," "VICTORY," and "PAUSED" when appropriate

(If we have time)
Mobs have more intelligent AI
User can enter high scores on death/on completion of all levels


RESEARCH:   
What information/techniques does your team need to research, and who is assigned to investigate what?
------
Research how to do AI pathing
Research a simple fix to the "continued press" issue with controls


MISC:
Describe any other aspects of your plans for cycle 4.
N/A